WHO ARE WE?

We are a bunch of super enthusiastic, passionate, and highly driven people, working to achieve a common goal! We believe that work and the workplace should be joyful and always buzzing with energy!

CloudSEK, one of India’s most trusted Cyber security product companies, is on a mission to build the world’s fastest and most reliable AI technology that identifies and resolves digital threats in real-time. The central proposition is leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a quick and reliable analysis and alert system that provides rapid detection across multiple internet sources, precise threat analysis, and prompt resolution with minimal human intervention.

Founded in 2015, headquartered at Singapore, we are proud to say that we’ve grown at a frenetic pace and have been able to achieve some accolades along the way, including:

CloudSEK’s Product Suite:

CloudSEK XVigil constantly maps a customer’s digital assets, identifies threats and enriches them with cyber intelligence, and then provides workflows to manage and remediate all identified threats including takedown support.
A powerful Attack Surface Monitoring tool that gives visibility and intelligence on customers’ attack surfaces. CloudSEK's BeVigil uses a combination of Mobile, Web, Network and Encryption Scanners to map and protect known and unknown assets.
CloudSEK’s Contextual AI SVigil identifies software supply chain risks by monitoring Software, Cloud Services, and third-party dependencies.

Key Milestones:

2016: Launched our first product.
2018: Secured Pre-series A funding.
2019: Expanded operations to India, Southeast Asia, and the Americas.
2020: Won the NASSCOM-DSCI Excellence Award for Security Product Company of the Year.
2021: Raised $7M in Series A funding led by MassMutual Ventures.
Awards & Recognition: Won NetApp Excellerator's "Best Growth Strategy Award," CloudSEK XVigil joined NVIDIA Inception Program, and won the NASSCOM Emerge 50 Cybersecurity Award.
2025: Secured $19 million in funding led by Tenacity Ventures, Commvault.
ABOUT THE ROLE
We are looking for frontend engineers who are obsessed with technology, have a creative eye to solve problems and love to make an impact!

What are we looking for?
Great programming skills with expertise in Frontend.
JavaScript- Hands-on experience working with Object Oriented JavaScript (OOJS), JavaScript libraries and their practical uses in building complex interactive experiences.
Experience working in ReactJS.
Understanding of stateful (container) vs stateless (presentational) components and how to break down the application into components
Understanding of different CSS architectures that go hand-in- hand with ReactJS application development.
Basic familiarity with prevailing Front End technologies like bootstrap, jQuery, HTML5, or CSS.
Understanding of WebPack / Babel / SaSS
What’s in it for you?
Work with the best company in the external predictive threat intelligence space
Assured professional and personal growth by working with proficient, experienced, and approachable teams.
Inclusive and collaborative culture where you get to pitch, follow and implement YOUR ideas.
Please Note :
Duration of this internship will be 3-6 Months.
We are currently looking for candidates who can work from Bangalore office at-least 4 days in a week (we have 5 days working, Mon-Fri.)

Benefits of Joining CloudSEK

We provide an environment where you can develop and enhance your skills while delivering meaningful work that matters. You’ll be rewarded a competitive salary as well as a full spectrum of generous perks and incentives which include:

Flexible working hours.
Food, unlimited snacks and drinks are all available while at office.

And, the finest part is yet to come! Every now and then we ensure to unwind and have a good time together, which involves games, fun, and soulful music. Feel free to show off your artistic side here!

CloudSEK is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply.