Infilect, a leader in visual-intelligence for worldwide retail, is looking for someone with a passion to code, who enjoys doing back-end engineering with curiosity to learn and adapt to working hands-on in Python & Django.


About us :


Infilect is an Enterprise B2B SaaS provider for retail manufacturers and retailers. With innovations in Image Recognition and AI, Infilect's products empower the retail industry with unprecedented visibility into omnichannel sales, in-store merchandising, and store operations. Infilect is trusted by global customers and partners and is part of Intel India's Maker Lab Program, NVIDIA's Inception program and Nasscom Deep Tech Club, IITB-SINE's Plugin Accelerator. Infilect’s flagship product InfiViz is used by top Fortune 500 global CPG companies to deeply understand their retail execution in over 300,000 outlets worldwide and take strategic decisions to improve their same store sales and optimize trade marketing spends.

For more information, visithttps://www.infilect.com/https://infilect.com


About Internship :


This is a 6 month internship based out of Bangalore. You will be expected to come in office for 5 days a week. Based on your performance we will either extend your internship or offer you a full time role.


Responsibilities :


1. Python-Based Application Development:

Develop and maintain Python-based applications according to customer requirements.
Create and enhance RESTful APIs for the product.

2. Database Management:

Work with both relational and non-relational databases, handling data storage and retrieval efficiently.

3. Improvement of Product:

Collaborate on product enhancements, focusing on improvements based on user feedback and technological advancements.

4. System Monitoring and Stability:

Design and implement monitoring systems to ensure system stability and data quality.
Address issues proactively to maintain system stability.

5. Testing and Quality Assurance:

Devise and implement testing protocols to identify and resolve system issues.

6. Performance Optimization:

Continuously optimize the product for better user experience and technical performance.
Focus on hardware efficiency, minimizing latency, and enhancing throughput.

7. Collaboration and Teamwork:

Collaborate with other engineering teams to deliver improvements for future product initiatives.


﻿We have a great and open work environment with an exceptional bunch of engineers and programmers. We are a growth-stage startup, and it implies putting your heart out to solve problems, build systems, and do all that is needed to win over challenges and customers. We are looking forward to building a highly collaborative & rich culture at Infilect. Come and join us on the rocket ship.


\